Hi, my name is Jill Weiss, and I'm going to
give you a few tips, on how to go about looking
for youth shin guards, buying shin guards
for your soccer player. First things first,
is you want to make sure that you are buying
shin guards, that fit that specific athlete.
You don't want to buy an adult size for a
young athlete. The way that it should fit,
it should mold to the shin. It should fit
comfortably, over that shin, because this
is going to protect that area. You want to
also have your athlete try on everything that
they normally would wear, to practice in competitions,
things like that. Cleats, socks, shin guards,
all together. The guard should kind of fit,
right under the tongue of the cleat, right
at the ankle. In Velcro, it's tight enough
to where it's comfortable. It's going to stay.
It's comfortable. This one is a little small
for me, so you want the shin to completely
cover that, and right below the knee. You
always want to wear socks over the shin guard.
That's full protection. That's something they
need. Price wise, you don't have to spend
a ton of money, but you want it, it's something
that's going to last. Something that's going
to protect you. Young athletes especially,
full main protection is something that you
want to focus on. Once they're a little bit
older, you can do it more . They're a little
thinner, and mold to the shin, but you want
full protection, for those young beginner
athletes, so those are just a few tips on
what to look for on buying soccer shin guards.